now watch this one or like I had a girl
riding my dish in blood quick under
knighted for my rhyme is legit perfect
time is my arrival hallelujah no revival
funds I killed it mom's I constructed no
one can build this I need you send the
building we build it
februari twenty-fifth nineteen
ninety-seven my first register intro to
the story I'm telling underdog always a
failure is when they tell you we're
alcoholic is like been going over
crossing length UK by no means I hear
that helped me so he sings the link is
even is his direction for he dreams of
things way bigger than this profession
he's on my life the time I would like to
welcome y'all to my trials and my
tribulations hi my name is kale I'm glad
you can make it first up I give thanks
to my Lord and Savior cuz he moved in
when the devil is my neighbor picture
with little play you're consumed by the
lifestyle up instead of growing up in
Mississippi open racism for people lazy
victims hug niggas hood bitches fellas
food systems don't boys ride Oh spoon
can't foes pick your soul food another
nigga murdered on the news niggas push
it no cuz I hope for a job don't
in this place that we can so she's lucky
and out so I took another round I can
see the traffic
balls in the dirt and a place for me but
maybe church is asking God to watch me
clean up my sins cuz the world I live in
don't want me to win but I still
overcame I'll live the struggle strife
and pain made a nigga thinking change
everybody talking about guns and open a
rest and act like all this shit is the
back I know niggas in life shit that
I'll did that it ain't cool simple back
ain't no just got your back so I took
heed and decided to lead and I followed
it cuz time and life is only borrow one
shot is what you got so if you aint
fuckin shit and get off the back ready
you're not here I come
bitch tonight greenwood to the CAF major
hit up a life liquor
may hit up a life I had to say this shit
twice come on how much we look different
because the skin tone we're still a
human race we're all from one place
that's Mother Earth allowing us to find
out with life is worth more than
diamonds and gold that only gets old but
I in a child stay forever young but yet
the read between a white and black line
there's really no caliber in between
that's why everybody always fall amongst
a great area but our heartbeats would
only allow us to recognize that black is
the color not a culture because you even
have people that look like they white
born in South Africa so it makes some
African I love with my heart beats to
leave this ignorance behind allowing
them to find the time to catch up with
the Rising Sun because knowing that the
solar space is about to leave and our
heartbeats would only wear amongst us
leave because the beauty of the dream is
allowing us to all come together as a
melting pot in the land of the free not
where we attacks everything where we're
free to love instead of free to hate
knowing that our heartbeats would only
allow us to regulate regulate the truth
with facts and knowledge instead of
opinions and ideas allowing them to
understand that when you have the
knowledge then you can stand forth with
the truth allowing us to live with no
fear because racism is only to keep us
separated so that way the government can
succeed and conquer all over again